 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT  
20 August 2026 
 
Australian Securities Exchange – Perth 
 
NRW delivers record earning s driven by strong momentum across the 
business and the acquisition of Fredon  
 
Highlights 
• Revenue $4.3 billion, up 31.4% 
• Underlying EBITA $288.6 million, up 38.8%  
• Underlying EBITA margin improved to 6.7% (FY25: 6.4%)  
• Underlying NPAT $182.7 million, up 43.6%  
• EMIT established as NRW's fourth operating pillar following the acquisition of Fredon  
• Fully franked final dividend of 14.5 cents per share, up 53% on FY25 final dividend. 
• Strong pipeline across resources, infrastructure, data centres, health, defence and 
energy markets 
• FY27 Underlying EBITA guidance of $320 million to $330 million 
NRW Holdings Limited (ASX: NWH) is pleased to announce its financial results for the year 
ended 30 June 2026, delivering record revenue and earnings growth.  
Revenue increased by 31.4% to $4.3 billion for FY26. The result reflects continued strong 
activity levels across all sectors in which we operate, together with a nine -month contribution 
from Fredon. 
The Group delivered underlying EBITA of $288. 6 million, an increase of 38.8% on FY25, with 
improved profitability achieved across all operating segments. The result was supported by 
strong operational execution, favourable market conditions and the successful integration of 
Fredon, with the Group underlying EBITA margin increasing to 6.7% from 6.4% in FY25.  
The acquisition of Fredon established the Electrical, Mechanical, Infrastructure and Technology 
& Maintenance (EMIT) segment as NRW's fourth operating pillar. The business contributed 
revenue of $684.3 million and underlying EBITA of $36.1 million while broadening NRW's 
exposure to high-growth sectors including health, defence, data centres and infrastructure.  
The MET segment continued its strong growth trajectory through the successful delivery of 
major projects and strong performances from Primero, DIAB and RCR. Mining delivered a 
significant i ncrease in profitability due to improved productivity and lower disruption from  
adverse weather events in Queensland.  Civil maintained resilient margins despite softer 
conditions in parts of the Queensland resources market.  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only2 
Group Results - $ million 
FY26 FY25 Movement 
Revenue 4,293.3 3,267.7 31.4% 
Underlying EBITDA 486.2 391.0 24.3% 
Underlying EBITA 288.6 207.9 38.8% 
Amortisation of 
acquisition intangibles (17.5) (7.5) 132.3% 
Non-underlying items (26.0) (142.1) (81.7%) 
Statutory EBIT 245.1 58.3 320.6% 
Statutory NPAT 153.4 27.7 454.3% 
Underlying NPAT 182.7 127.2 43.6% 
Underlying EPS 39.8 27.9 42.9% 
Regarding the results, Jules Pemberton, CEO and Managing Director, said: 
"I am very pleased to present a record financial result for FY26, with NRW delivering revenue 
growth of more than 31% and underlying EBITA growth of almost 39%. The result reflects the 
strength of our diversified business model, strong market conditions across our co re sectors 
and the successful integration of Fredon following its acquisition in October 2025.  
The acquisition of Fredon was a transformational step in NRW's evolution  as a leading 
Australian services business. Fredon has exceeded our acquisition expectations in its first nine 
months within the Group and has established a significant fourth operating segment, providing 
exposure to attractive long -term growth sectors including health, defence,  data centres , 
commercial construction and infrastructure. 
We currently have $7.5 billion in secured revenue, together  with a pipeline of $29.1 billion, of 
which $11.1 billion are submitted tenders , giving us confidence in  our long -term earnings 
outlook. We continue to see significant opportunities across resources, defence, infrastructure, 
energy transition projects and increasingly within the rapidly expanding data centre sector , 
where we are able to support the construction of both urban and remote facilities. 
Our balance sheet remains strong. We refinanced and upsized our bank facilities in July 2026 
which, when coupled with our existing equipment finance facilities and healthy cash holdings , 
gives us a stronger funding platform and room to move  quickly and confidently on growth 
opportunities, including acquisitions, as they arise , whilst continuing to maintain our focus on 
disciplined capital allocation.   
With an increasingly diversified order book, strong tender activity and exposure to some of 
Australia's most attractive growth markets, NRW enters FY27 with considerable momentum 
and confidence in the outlook.” 
Dividend 
The Directors have declared a final fully franked dividend for the financial year of 14.5 cents 
per share, to be paid in October 2026.  
For personal use only3 
Guidance  
Guidance FY27:  
• Revenue expected to be in the range of $4.6 billion - $4.8 billion, with ~85% secured.
• Earnings (Underlying EBITA) expected to be between $320.0 million - $330.0 million.
• Cash conversion consistent with long-term averages.
Kim Hyman 
Company Secretary 
For more information, please contact: 
Jules Pemberton  
CEO and Managing Director 
NRW Holdings Limited 
+61 8 9232 4200
Peter Bryant 
Chief Financial Officer 
NRW Holdings Limited 
+61 8 9232 4200
About NRW Holdings Limited: 
NRW is a leading provider of diversified contract services to the government, resources, 
industrial and infrastructure sectors in Australia. With extensive operations around Australia 
and offices in Canada and the United States, NRW’s geographical diversif ication is 
complemented by its ability to deliver a wide range of services. These encompass civil 
construction including bulk earthworks, road and rail construction and concrete installation, 
together with contract mining and drill and blast services through NRW Civil & Mining, Golding 
Contractors and Action Drill & Blast. NRW also offers a comprehensive OEM capability through 
AES Equipment Solutions  providing refurbishment and re -build services for earthmoving 
equipment and machinery. NRW’s MET Division comprising RCR Mining Technologies, DIAB 
Engineering, OFI Industrial and Primero offers tailored mine to market solution, specialist 
maintenance (shutdown services and onsite maintenance), Non -Process Infrastructure, 
innovative materials handling capability and complete turnkey design, construct & operation of 
minerals processing and energy projects. NRW’s EMIT division includes Fredon, a multi-service 
Electrical, Mechanical (HVAC), Infrastructure, Technology and Maintenance services provider. 
NRW has a workforce of around 14,000 people supporting more than two hundred projects 
around Australia, Canada, the United States and New Zealand for clients across the 
government, resources, infrastructure, industrial engineering, Technology, maintenance and 
urban development sectors. 
Future and Past Performance: 
To the extent this document contains certain “forward-looking statements” and comments about 
future events (including projections, guidance on future earnings and estimates) these 
statements are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied upon as an indication 
or guara ntee of future performance. Such statements by their nature involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors, many of which are outside the control of NRW. 
As such, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward -looking statement and no 
representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or 
reasonableness of any forward -looking statements, forecast financial information or other 
forecast. Similarly, past performance should not be relied upon (and is not) an  indication of 
future performance. It represents NRW’s historical financial position at a specific date (and 
reference should be had to the full accounts released to ASX from which it is derived). NRW is 
under no obligation to update or correct the content of this Presentation after its date of release. 
This ASX Announcement has been approved in accordance with the Company’s published continuous disclosure policy and authorised 
for release by the Chief Executive Officer of NRW Holdings Limited.
For personal use only