 
 
1 
 
 
ASX RELEASE 
24 August 2026 
Aussie Broadband delivers accelerated earnings; 
portfolio repositioned for next phase of growth 
Aussie Broadband Limited (ASX: ABB ) (Company) has delivered strong results  for the full 
year ended 30 June 2026 (FY26), achieving accelerated growth in earnings and operating cash 
flow, and significant strategic progress towards upgraded Look-to-28 ambitions. Continued 
organic growth in all segments combined with increasing operating leverage drove strong 
financial performance in a competitive market. Strategic transactions completed during the 
year have further strengthened the Company's scale, customer reach and long -term growth 
prospects. 
Key highlights 
• Underlying EBITDA of $165.3 million, up 19.6%, and EPSA of 23.9 cents, up 25.8%, 
reflecting increasing operating leverage and earnings growth 
• Revenue of $1,295.4 million, up 9.2% 
• On-net b roadband connections exceeded 1.11 million  at 30 June 2026 , up 41%; NBN 
market share1 increased 3.7 percentage points to 12.1% 
• Portfolio repositioned for expanded scale, capabilities and customer acquisition 
channels through strategic transactions 
• Migration of More and Tangerine connections completed in June 2026 ; migration of AGL 
Telco broadband and mobile services on track to complete in Q2 FY27 
• Operating cash flow of $167.2 million, up 42.5%, with cash conversion of 101.2% 
• Net leverage ratio of 0.9x provides balance sheet flexibility for future growth opportunities 
• On-market share buyback of up to $115 million announced, reflecting confidence in the 
Company's outlook and balance sheet strength 
• FY26 fully franked ordinary dividend of 6.0 cents per share ( up 50%), including a final 
dividend of 3.6 cents per share  
• FY27 Underlying EBITDA 2 guidance range of $205 million to $215 million; strong start to 
the new financial year with 11,000 broadband connections added3 
  
 
1 Excludes NBN satellite 
2 Before amortisation of contract assets related to the Wholesale Services Agreement with More 
3 As at 19 August 2026; excludes More, Tangerine and AGL Telco connections 
For personal use only 
 
2 
 
 
Commenting on Aussie Broadband’s FY26 performance, Group CEO Brian Maher said:  
“FY26 was a defining year for Aussie Broadband. Our premium telco offering continued to 
attract customers and partners, delivering organic connections growth, strategic customer 
wins and strong financial performance despite a competitive market backdrop . We grew 
revenue while improving operating leverage, resulting in EBITDA margin expansion and 
accelerated earnings growth. 
"Importantly, we also completed a number of strategic transactions that materially 
strengthen our growth platform  and, collectively,  underpin the upgraded Look-to-28 
ambitions. The migration of More and Tangerine  connections and the acquisition s of AGL 
Telco and Nexgen have increased our scale, broadened our customer base and enhanced 
our ability to meet the evolving needs of customers across all segments." 
Growing scale and emerging operating leverage driving accelerated earnings growth  
Table 1: Key Financial metrics ($m) 
 
* Before interest and tax 
** Calculated as Underlying NPATA divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in  FY25 
(293,373,485) and FY26 (293,345,611) 
Aussie Broadband delivered strong performance across key financial metrics, underpinned 
by continued organic growth in data and mobile connections and growing benefits from scale 
and productivity.  
For personal use only 
 
3 
 
 
The Company generated $1,295.4 million in revenue (+9.2% on pcp), driven by organic growth 
across all three operating segments.  
Underlying EBITDA increased 19.6% to $165.3 million and underlying NPATA increased 
25.8% to $70.2 million, reflecting strong momentum in organic customer growth, benefits of 
scale and efficiency initiatives. Ongoing cost discipline, increasing scale and emerging 
productivity benefits resulted in 1.2 ppts improvement in EBITDA margin to 12.8%, which 
more than offset the impact of the Company’s pricing strategy in July 2025 and the continued 
promotional intensity in the market. 
Reported NPAT of $ 35.3 million includes a loss after tax of $17.2 million relating to the 
divestment of Digital Sense Hosting business , a profit after tax of $4.4 million from the 
divestment of Buddy Telco, and $4.4 million in one-off costs related to M&A and customer 
onboarding. The Company reported underlying NPAT of $52.4 million, up 41.8% on pcp. 
Aussie Broadband delivered improved cash flow metrics, with a 42.5% increase in operating 
cash flow to $167.2 million  and a cash conversion ratio of 101.2% (from 84.9% in FY25). 
Strong cash flow generation, coupled with a net leverage ratio of 0.9x, provides the Company 
continued flexibility to pursue further organic and inorganic growth opportunities. 
Strategic repositioning strengthens base for growth 
During FY26, Aussie Broadband completed a series of strategic transactions that materially 
increase scale, expand customer acquisition channels and strengthen the Company's 
earnings profile. 
The migration of More and Tangerine services was completed on schedule in June 2026 , 
adding significant scale and establishing a new go-to-market channel through an indirect  
banking relationship. 
In June 2026, Aussie Broadband completed the  acquisition of AGL Telco and entered into a 
long-term strategic partnership with AGL , creating a new channel to market through one of 
Australia’s largest energy retailers. Migration of AGL services commenced in July 2026 and is 
on track to be completed in Q2 FY27. 
The acquisition of Nexgen has enhanced the Group's small and medium business capability 
and strengthened its ability to serve customers across a broader range of 
telecommunications solutions. 
 
For personal use only 
 
4 
 
 
In addition, the divestments of Buddy Telco and Digital Sense  were completed in H2 FY26, 
sharpening the Company's strategic focus on core telecommunications services and 
aligning the portfolio with higher-value growth opportunities. 
Broadband connections exceed 1.1 million; growing momentum in mobile connections 
Aussie Broadband continued to benefit from organic growth  momentum in broadband 
connections across its three segments. On-net connections increased by 323,000 (up 41% 
on pcp) to 1.11 million at 30 June 2026, including More and Tangerine services which were 
migrated onto the network. Aussie Broadband’s market share of on -net NBN services 
increased 3.7 ppts to 12.1% at 30 June 2026.  
The Group has also experienced increasing  momentum in mobile connections, adding 
48,000 connections over FY26 to 263,000 services  (up 22% on pcp) and further supporting 
retail customer retention through bundling. The launch of international roaming in the retail 
market in May 2026 and the introduction of eSIM in July 2026 are expected to support further 
growth in FY27.  
Organic growth across all segments 
Residential revenue grew 12.4% on pcp with broadband remaining the primary growth driver, 
complemented by momentum in mobile services  through bundling and product 
enhancements. Gross margin of 30.9% reflects Aussie Broadband’s strategic approach to 
pricing ahead of NBN  Co’s Accelerate Great initiative and elevated promotional market 
activity throughout FY26. Pleasingly, customer retention remained strong despite increased 
price sensitivity in the market, demonstrating the strength of the Aussie Broadband brand, its 
premium customer proposition and the benefits of product bundling.  
The Business, Enterprise & Govern ment segment delivered another year of  double-digit 
revenue growth (+12.4%), driven by larger strategic customer wins and existing customers 
expanding their adoption of Aussie Broadband’s products . Gross margin eased 1.7 ppts to 
44.7%, reflecting the Company’s  broadband-first customer acquisition strategy . Aussie 
Broadband secured several significant enterprise-grade agreements during FY26, including 
Bakers Delight , AGL, Accor, Johns Lyng Group , and several additional contracts signed  in 
June 2026, providing a strong foundation for further growth in FY27. 
 
 
 
For personal use only 
 
5 
 
 
Wholesale delivered 9.4% revenue growth during FY2 6 4 , successfully executing the 
migration of More and Tangerine services while continuing to grow its underlying customer 
base. Gross margin was broadly in line with  the prior year . Investment in enablement 
platforms has strengthened the Company’s ability to scale through multiple channels. 
Trading Update and FY27 Guidance 
Aussie Broadband has had a strong start to FY27, adding more than 120,000 broadband 
connections onto its network through organic growth and customer migrations. The 
Company has also experienced further momentum in mobile services, supported by recent 
product enhancements. 
Table 2: Broadband connections by Segment 
 
 
Migration of AGL Telco connections commenced on time in July 2026 and is progressing well. 
More than 116,000 broadband services  and 30,000 mobile services  have been migrated  to 
date, with completion expected in Q2 FY27. While some net churn is anticipated during the 
migration process, subscriber growth is expected to resume following completion, driven by 
the strategic partnership with AGL. 
The Wholesale segment volumes have eased slightly since  June. The base wholesale 
business has grown , but the combined effects of the migration, price increases and 
competitive pressures  has caused a short -term impact for More and Tangerine.  Their 
customer offering remains fundamentally strong, with connections expected to return to 
growth in Q2 FY27. 
 
 
 
4 Excludes Origin contract which expired in H1 FY25 
For personal use only 
 
6 
 
 
Excluding the movements in More, Tangerine and AGL services, Aussie Broadband has added 
approximately 11,000 net new broadband connections since 1 July 2026, including more than 
7,000 residential connections , demonstrating positive organic performance following the 
Company’s recent price increases across most plans.  
Based on the positive underlying momentum and the expected net contribution from 
strategic transactions and productivity initiatives, Aussie Broadband expects to deliver 
underlying EBITDA5 of between $205 million and $215 million in FY27, representing a growth 
of between 24% to 30% on prior year. This guidance includes a phased contribution from AGL 
Telco through migration. The Company expects capital expenditure of between $60 million 
to $6 5 million in FY2 7, noting significant inflation ary pressures in technology hardware 
markets. 
Commenting on the outlook, Brian Maher said:  
“We enter FY27 with strong momentum and a significantly enhanced platform for growth. Our 
focus now shifts from executing transactions to realising their benefits as we leverage 
increasing scale, broadened customer acquisition channels and strengthened capabilities 
to drive continued organic growth. 
“With greater scale, multiple growth channels and continued strength in our underlying 
business, we are well positioned to deliver on our upgraded Look-to-28 ambitions.” 
Investor and analyst briefing today at 10:00am (AEST) 
The Company will hold an investor and analyst briefing today at 10:00am (AEST). The webcast 
will be hosted by Aussie Broadband's Group CEO Brian Maher and CFO Darren Rowland.  
To participate, please register via one of the links below: 
 
Webcast registration 
Conference Call registration (audio only) 
 
ENDS  
Authorised for release by the Aussie Broadband Board. 
 
 
 
5 Before amortisation of contract assets related to the Wholesale Services Agreement with More 
For personal use only 
 
7 
 
 
Investor enquiries contact Heidi Lord on 0404 216 403 or 
investors@team.aussiebroadband.com.au 
Media enquiries contact Alex Walker on 0448 110 962 or 
media@team.aussiebroadband.com.au  
 
About Aussie Broadband Limited: 
 
Aussie Broadband Group is a fast-growing telecommunications group that comprises of the 
Aussie Broadband, Symbio, and Nexgen businesses. Listed on the Australian Stock 
Exchange (ASX: ABB), the Group collectively supplies more than one million broadband 
services, and mobile and voice services, operates two Tier 1 voice providers in Australia, 
and owns fibre infrastructure. 
 
The Group is a provider of broadband, mobile and voice services in Australia with continued 
growth in its Residential, Business, Enterprise & Government, and Wholesale segments, 
with a range of broad telecommunications solutions through its data, voice and wholesale 
services. 
 
For further information please visit: https://www.aussiebroadband.com.au     
For personal use only