 
 
Actinogen Medical Limited ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au  
1 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
Actinogen FY2026 results – pivotal Alzheimer’s trial results imminent  
Sydney, 27 August 2026. Actinogen Medical ASX: ACW (“ACW” or “the Company”) is pleased to release 
its financial results and annual report for the year ended 30 June 2026.  
Highlights – Imminent pivotal trial results in Alzheimer’s disease:  
• Pivotal Alzheimer’s disease trial remains on track for topline, final results in November this year following 
three positive Independent Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) recommendations, including a confidential 
“non-futility” review of unblinded efficacy data in January 
• Open-label extension phase of the XanaMIA trial commenced March 2026, with 89% of participants 
moving directly to the OLE at the end of the main trial, and a total of 108 now on treatment  
• Achieved common understandings with the US FDA and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the 
pathways to marketing approvals in Alzheimer’s disease ( AD), including agreement on the streamlined 
design of one further pivotal AD trial of Xanamem 10 mg versus placebo commencing in 2027  
• Peer-reviewed depression trial manuscript detailing positive anti -depressant activity published in British 
Journal of Psychiatry  
• June-end cash balance of $16.7 million provides cash runway beyond Alzheimer’s trial final results to mid-
2027 
• Completed manufacture of an additional batch of 10mg Xanamem tablets at Catalent (USA) for use in the 
OLE phase of the XanaMIA trial  
• Strengthened IP protection through active national phase patent filings with the first national acceptances 
received for new patents covering Xanamem treatment of cognitive decline in healthy elderly pe ople and 
key manufacturing steps 
• Enhanced our relationships with key stakeholders by focusing on the importance and uniqueness  of 
Xanamem’s brain cortisol control mechanism in AD and our impending pivotal trial data  
• Received $7.3 million research and development tax incentive (RDTI) rebate from the Australian Tax Office 
relating to the 2025 financial year. 
Actinogen CEO, Dr Steven Gourlay said: 
“FY2026 has been a defining year for Actinogen. We achieved every major objective we set ourselves, 
including timely enrolment of the pivotal XanaMIA Alzheimer’s disease trial  and its successful interim efficacy 
futility and safety review, securing alignment with both the FDA and EMA on relatively streamlined  pathways 
to marketing approvals, and establishing a cash runway beyond mid-2027.” 
“Xanamem is a leading and unique late-stage oral therapy in clinical development for Alzheimer’s disease with 
the potential to become a transformational  treatment option for patients and their families living with this 
devastating condition. Our key focus is to deliver high-quality pivotal trial results in November while at the same 
time planning the future activities needed to get Xanamem approved as soon as possible by regulators." 
FY2026 Annual Report 
Shareholders are encouraged to review the Company’s 2026  digital annual report released separately to the 
ASX today which provides full financial statements and a comprehensive analysis of activities and 
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au  
2 
 
achievements for the year ended 30 June 2026 , including details supporting the highlights outlined in this 
announcement. 
The digital annual report is also available in the Recent Annual Reports section under the Our Company tab 
of the Company’s website www.actinogen.com.au. 
Statutory financial result  
The statutory result for the 2026  financial year reflects the Company’s ongoing investment in developing and 
advancing its lead molecule Xanamem for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease.  
The Net loss after tax for the twelve months ended 30 June 2026  was $15,379,848 (FY2025: loss of 
$14,732,263). 
The major expenditure item for the year was Research and d evelopment costs of $19,027,365 
(FY2025: $12,296,568), primarily relating to clinical trials. 
Financial position 
At 30 June 2026 , the Company had a Cash and cash equivalents balance of $ 16,734,937 (30 June 2025 : 
$16,504,230). The Company’s FY2026  R&D tax rebate accrual is $ 10,817,407, which is expected to be 
received in Q2 FY2027.  
Outlook 
The need for improved Alzheimer’s disease treatments is clear and urgent. Current therapies remain limited 
in their effectiveness and safety. The Company believes that Xanamem’s unique mechanism of action, oral 
administration and promising safety profile positions it as a potentially important breakthrough therapy for 
Alzheimer’s disease, depression and other neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases.  
As we look ahead to FY2027, our three major priorities are clear:  
1. Successfully complete the XanaMIA trial and deliver a high-quality final dataset in November  
2. Continue preparations for the next phase of regulatory and clinical development  
3. Actively pursue strategic partnership opportunities that maximize the value of Xanamem globally.  
Actinogen remains committed to proactive management across all aspects of the business to deliver the best 
outcomes for patients and value for shareholders. 
View this announcement on our InvestorHub: https://investors.actinogen.com.au/link/yan9Ke 
 
 
ENDS 
 
 
 Investors Media
 
Dr Steven Gourlay Michael Roberts George Hazim 
CEO & Managing Director Communications Media & Public Affairs Australia 
P: +61 2 8964 7401                          M: +61 423 866 231 M: +61 417 516 262 
E. steven.gourlay@actinogen.com.au  E. michael.roberts@actinogen.com.au  E: georgehazim@mediaaffairs.com.au  
 
Announcement authorised by the Board of Actinogen Medical Limited 
  
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au  
3 
 
About Actinogen Medical  
Actinogen Medical (ACW) is an ASX -listed, biotechnology company developing a novel therapy for neurological and 
neuropsychiatric diseases associated with dysregulated brain cortisol. There is a strong association between cortisol and 
detrimental changes in the brain, affecting cognitive function, harm to brain cells and long-term cognitive health. 
Cognitive function means how a person understands, remembers and thinks clearly. Cognitive functions include memory, 
attention, reasoning, awareness and decision-making. 
Actinogen is currently developing its lead compound, Xanamem, as a promising new therapy for Alzheimer’s Disease . It 
has also conducted a phase 2 trial in patients with cognitive impairment and depression and may study Fragile X Syndrome 
and other neurological and psychiatric diseases in the future. Reducing cortisol inside brain cells could have a positive 
impact in these and many other diseases. The cognitive dysfunction, behavioural abnormalities, and neuropsyc hological 
burden associated with these conditions is debilitating for patients, and there is a substantial unmet medical need for new 
and improved treatments. 
Clinical Trials 
The XanaMIA Phase 2b/3 Alzheimer’s disease trial  is a double-blind, 36-week treatment, placebo -controlled, parallel 
group design trial in 247  patients with mild to moderate AD and progressive disease, determined by clinical criteria and 
confirmed by an elevated level of the pTau181 protein biomarker in blood. Patients receive Xanamem 10 mg or placebo, 
once daily, and its ability to slow progression of Alzheimer’s disease is assessed with a variety of endpoints. The primary 
endpoint of the trial is the internationally -recognized CDR-SB (Clinical Dementia Rating scale – Sum of Boxes). The trial 
is being conducted in Australia and the US  and is now closed to participant recruitment. It has passed an independent 
Data Monitoring Committee safety and efficacy futility review and final topline results are expected in November 2026. 
The XanaMIA-OLE Alzheimer’s disease open -label extension is an open -label phase of up to 25  months treatment 
where all participants will receive active Xanamem 10 mg once daily. The trial evaluates safety and a limited number of 
efficacy endpoints such as the CDR -SB. The trial commenced  in March 2026 and is open to all former and current 
participants in the XanaMIA Phase 2b/3 trial. 
The XanaCIDD Phase 2a depression trial  was a double- blind, six-week proof-of-concept, placebo-controlled, parallel 
group design trial in 167 patients with moderate, treatment -resistant depression and a degree of baseline cognitive 
impairment. Participants were evenly randomized to receive Xanamem 10 mg once daily or placebo, in most cases in 
addition to their existing antidepressant therapy, and effects on cognition and depression were assessed. Trial results were 
reported in August 2024 and showed clinically and statistically significant benef its on depression symptoms with positive 
effects on the MADRS scale (a validated scale of depression symptom measurement) and the PGI -S (a valid patient 
reported assessment of depression severity). Cognition improved markedly and to a similar extent in bot h Xanamem and 
placebo groups.
 The peer-reviewed publication relating to this trial  can be accessed for free via this link: 
https://tinyurl.com/ckm63z63. 
About Xanamem (emestedastat) 
Xanamem’s novel mechanism is to control elevated levels of cortisol (aka the “stress hormone”) in the brain through the 
inhibition of the cortisol synthesis enzyme, 11β-HSD1, without affecting production of cortisol by the adrenal glands which 
is essential for the body’s normal functioning. Xanamem is a first-in-class, once-a-day pill designed to deliver high levels 
of cortisol control in key areas of the brain related to Alzheimer’s and other diseases such as the hippocampus and frontal 
cortex. To view Xanamem’s two-minute Mechanism of Action animation, click here. 
Chronically elevated cortisol is associated with progression in Alzheimer’s Disease and excess cortisol is known to be 
toxic to brain cells. Cortisol itself is also associated with depressive symptoms and when targeted via other mechanisms 
has shown some promise in prior clinical trials. The recent XanaCIDD trial demonstrated clinically and sometimes 
statistically significant benefits on depressive symptoms, further validating the cortisol control mechanism for the 
Xanamem 10 mg oral daily dose. 
The Company has studied 11β -HSD1 inhibition by Xanamem in more than 500  volunteers and patients in eight clinical 
trials. Xanamem has a promising safety profile and has demonstrated clinical activity in patients with depression, patients 
with biomarker-positive Alzheimer’s disease and cognitively normal volunteers. High level s of target engagement in the 
brain with doses as low as 5 mg daily have been demonstrated in a human PET imaging study. 
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au  
4 
 
Xanamem is an investigational product and is not approved for use outside of a clinical trial by the FDA or by any global 
regulatory authority. Xanamem® is a trademark of Actinogen Medical. 
Disclaimer 
This announcement and attachments may contain certain "forward-looking statements" that are not historical facts; are 
based on subjective estimates, assumptions and qualifications; and relate to circumstances and events that have not taken 
place and may not take place. Such forward looking statements should be considered “at-risk statements” - not to be relied 
upon as they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors (such as significant business, 
economic and competitive uncertai nties / contingencies and regulatory and clinical development risks, future outcomes 
and uncertainties) that may lead to actual results being materially different from any forward looking statement or the 
performance expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. Actinogen Medical does not undertake any 
obligation to revise such statements to reflect events or any change in circ umstances arising after the date hereof, or to 
reflect the occurrence of or non -occurrence of any future events. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future 
performance. Actinogen Medical does not make any guarantee, representation or warranty as to the likelihood of 
achievement or reasonableness of any forward-looking statements and there can be no assurance or guarantee that any 
forward-looking statements will be realised. 
ACTINOGEN MEDICAL ENCOURAGES ALL CURRENT INVESTORS TO GO PAPERLESS BY REGISTERING THEIR DETAILS 
WITH THE DESIGNATED REGISTRY SERVICE PROVIDER, AUTOMIC GROUP. 
For personal use only