 
 
Actinogen Medical Limited  ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au   
1 
 
4 September 2026 
 
Zufishan Anjum 
Senior Adviser, Listings Compliance 
ASX Compliance Pty Ltd  
39 Martin Place 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
Dear Zufishan 
PRICE QUERY 
We refer to the Price Query received from the ASX on 4 September 2026 and respond as follows to the 
specific  questions asked:  
 
1. Is the Company aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the 
market which, if known by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its 
securities? 
No. The Company is not aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced, which, if 
known by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities.  
 
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”:  
(a) Is the Company relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce under Listing Rule 3.1?  
(b) Can an announcement be made immediately?  
(c) If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an 
announcement will be made?  
The answer to question 1 is no –  therefore not applicable.  
 
3. If the answer to question 1 is ”no”, is there any other explanation that the Company may have 
for the recent trading in its securities?  
 
The Company released an announcement 1 September 2026 advising that the expiring unlisted 11 
September 2026 and 15 September 2026 $0.0375 options had been fully underwritten. The release of 
a coverage update on the Company by Canaccord to their clients on 2 September  2026 and the 
release of the Company’s Annual Report on 27 August 2026.  
 
4. Please confirm that the Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules and, in particular, 
listing rule 3.1. 
We confirm that the Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 
3.1. 
 
5. Please confirm that the Company’s responses to the questions above have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with its published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by 
its board or an officer of the Company with delegated authority from the board to respond to 
the ASX on disclosure matters. 
Confirmed.  
 
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited  ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au   
2 
 
Yours sincerely  
Peter Webse 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
View this announcement on our InvestorHub:  https://investors.actinogen.com.au/link/yan9Ke 
 
 
ENDS 
 
 
 Investors Media 
Dr Steven Gourlay Michael Roberts George Hazim 
CEO & Managing Director  Communications  Media & Pub lic Affairs Australia  
P: +61 2 8964 7401                          M: +61 423 866 231 M: +61 417 516 262 
E. steven.gourlay@actinogen.com.au   E. michael.roberts@actinogen.com.au  E: georgehazim@mediaaffairs.com.au  
 
Announcement authorised by the Disclosure Committee of Actinogen Medical  Limited 
  
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited  ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au   
3 
 
About Actinogen Medical  
Actinogen Medical (ACW) is an ASX-listed, biotechnology company developing a novel therapy for neurological and 
neuropsychiatric diseases associated with dysregulated brain cortisol. There is a strong association between cortisol and 
detrimental changes in the brain, affecting cognitive function, harm to brain cells and long-term cognitive health.  
Cognitive function means how a person understands, remembers and thinks clearly. Cognitive functions include memory, 
attention, reasoning, awareness and decision-making.  
Actinogen is currently developing its lead compound, Xanamem, as a promising new therapy for Alzheimer’s Disease.  It 
has also conducted a phase 2 trial in patients with cognitive impairment and depression and may study Fragile X Syndrome 
and other neurological and psychiatric diseases in the future. Reducing cortisol inside brain cells could have a positive 
impact in these and many other diseases. The cognitive dysfunction, behavioural abnormalities, and neuropsyc hological 
burden associated with these conditions is debilitating for patients, and there is a substantial unmet medical need for new 
and improved treatments.  
Clinical Trials 
The XanaMIA Phase 2b/3 Alzheimer’s disease trial  is a double-blind, 36-week treatment, placebo-controlled, parallel 
group design trial in 247 patients with mild to moderate AD and progressive disease, determined by clinical criteria and 
confirmed by an elevated level of the pTau181 protein biomarker in blood. Patients receive Xanamem 10 mg or placebo, 
once daily, and its ability to slow progress ion of Alzheimer’s disease is assessed with a variety of endpoints. The primary 
endpoint of the trial is the internationally -recognized CDR-SB (Clinical Dementia Rating scale – Sum of Boxes). The trial 
is being conducted in Australia and the US  and is now closed to participant recruitment . It has passed an independent 
Data Monitoring Committee safety and efficacy futility review and final topline results are expected in November  2026. 
The XanaMIA-OLE Alzheimer’s disease open-label extension  is an open-label phase of up to 25  months treatment 
where all participants will receive active Xanamem 10 mg once daily. The trial evaluates  safety and a limited number of 
efficacy endpoints such as the CDR -SB. The trial commenced in March 2026 and is open to all former and current 
participants in the XanaMIA Phase 2b/3 trial.  
The XanaCIDD Phase 2a depression trial  was a double-blind, six -week proof -of-concept, placebo-controlled, parallel 
group design trial in 167 patients with moderate, treatment -resistant depression and a degree of baseline cognitive 
impairment. Participants were evenly randomized to receive Xanamem 10 mg once daily or placebo, in most cases in 
addition to their existing antidepressant therapy, and effects on cognition and depression were assessed. Trial results were 
reported in August 2024 and showed clinically and statistically significant benef its on depression symptoms with positive 
effects on the MADRS scale (a validated scale of depression symptom measurement) and the PGI -S (a valid patient 
reported assessment of depression severity). Cognition improved markedly and to a similar extent in bot h Xanamem and 
placebo groups.
 The peer-reviewed publication relating to this trial  can be accessed for free via this link: 
https://tinyurl.com/ckm63z63 . 
About Xanamem (emestedastat)  
Xanamem’s novel mechanism is to control elevated levels of cortisol (aka the “stress hormone”)  in the brain through the 
inhibition of the cortisol synthesis enzyme, 11β-HSD1, without affecting production of cortisol by the adrenal glands which 
is essential for the body’s normal functioning. Xanamem is a first -in-class, once-a-day pill designed to deliver high levels 
of cortisol control in key areas of the brain related to Alzheimer’s and other diseases  such as the hippocampus and front al 
cortex. To view Xanamem’s two-minute Mechanism of Action animation, click here. 
Chronically elevated cortisol is associated with progression in Alzheimer’s Disease and excess cortisol is known to be 
toxic to brain cells. Cortisol itself is also associated with depressive symptoms and when targeted via other mechanisms 
has shown some promise in prior clinical trials. The recent XanaCIDD trial demonstrated clinically and sometimes 
statistically significant benefits on depressive symptoms , further validating the cortisol control mechanism for the 
Xanamem 10 mg oral daily dose.  
The Company has studied 11β -HSD1 inhibition by Xanamem in more than 500 volunteers and patients in eight clinical 
trials. Xanamem has a promising safety profile and has demonstrated clinical activity in patients with depression, patient s 
with biomarker -positive Alzheimer’s disease and cognitively normal volunteers. High level s of target engagement in the 
brain with doses as low as 5 mg daily have been demonstrated in a human PET imaging study.  
For personal use only 
Actinogen Medical Limited  ACN 086 778 476 
Suite 901, Level 9, 109 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
+61 2 8964 7401 | actinogen.com.au   
4 
 
Xanamem is an investigational product and is not approved for use outside of a clinical trial by the FDA or by any global 
regulatory authority. Xanamem® is a trademark of Actinogen Medical.  
Disclaimer 
This announcement and attachments may contain certain "forward-looking statements" that are not historical facts; are 
based on subjective estimates, assumptions and qualifications; and relate to circumstances and events that have not taken 
place and may not take place. Such forward looking statements should be considered “at-risk statements” - not to be relied 
upon as they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors (such as significant business, 
economic and competitive uncertai nties / contingencies and regulatory and clinical development risks, future outcomes 
and uncertainties) that may lead to actual results being materially different from any forward looking statement or the 
performance expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. Actinogen Medical does not undertake any 
obligation to revise such statements to reflect events or any change in circ umstances arising after the date hereof, or t o 
reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any future events. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future 
performance. Actinogen Medical does not make any guarantee, representation or warranty as to the likelihood of 
achievement or reasonableness of any forward-looking statements and there can be no assurance or guarantee that any 
forward -looking statements will be realised.  
ACTINOGEN MEDICAL ENCOURAGES ALL CURRENT INVESTORS TO GO PAPERLESS BY REGISTERING THEIR DETAILS 
WITH THE DESIGNATED REGISTRY SERVICE PROVIDER, AUTOMIC GROUP.  
For personal use only 
ASX Limited [[Listings]] ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279  |  asx.com.au     
 
#11135437v1 
4 September 2026 
Mr Peter Webse 
Company Secretary 
Actinogen Medical Limited 
 
By email: pwebse@governancecorp.com.au 
Dear Mr Webse 
Actinogen Medical Limited (‘ACW’): Price Query 
ASX refers to the following: 
A. The change in the price of ACW’s securities from a close of $0.043 on 2/09/2026 to a high of $0.051 today. 
B. The significant increase in the volume of ACW’s securities traded from 3 September 2026 to 4 September 
2026. 
Request for information 
In light of this, ASX asks ACW to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for 
information: 
1. Is ACW aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known 
by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities? 
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”. 
(a) Is ACW relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please 
note that the recent trading in ACW’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may have 
ceased to be confidential and therefore ACW may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule 3.1A. 
Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to discuss the 
situation. 
(b) Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”, you 
need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below). 
(c) If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an 
announcement will be made? 
3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that ACW may have for the recent trading 
in its securities? 
4. Please confirm that ACW is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1. 
5. Please confirm that ACW’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its 
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of ACW with delegated 
authority from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters. 
When and where to send your response 
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in 
any event, by no later than 4:10 PM AEST Friday, 4 September 2026. 
For personal use only 
 2/2 
 ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279  |  asx.com.au     
 
#11135437v1 
You should note that if the information requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX 
under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, ACW’s 
obligation is to disclose the information ‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before 
the deadline set out in the previous paragraph and may require ACW to request a trading halt immediately. 
Your response should be sent by e-mail to ListingsComplianceSydney@asx.com.au. It should not be sent 
directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow us to review your response to confirm that it 
is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements 
Platform. 
Trading halt 
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes” 
and an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to 
request a trading halt in ACW’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish to request a trading halt, you 
must tell us: 
• the reasons for the trading halt; 
• how long you want the trading halt to last; 
• the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt; 
• that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and 
• any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for. 
We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the 
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further 
information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts and Voluntary Suspensions. 
Suspension 
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in ACW’s 
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.1.  
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A 
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to ACW’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and 
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that ACW’s 
obligation to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, 
answering the questions set out in this letter. 
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity 
ASX reserves the right to release all or any part of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence 
between us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A. The usual course is for correspondence to be released to 
the market.  
 
Yours sincerely 
 
ASX Supervision 
For personal use only