Note: (a) Customer pipeline presents quantities on an un-risked basis and prices at a point in time arising from AEM’s engagement 
with its customers through the qualification process. The resultant potential annual value reflects the total annual value of the 
pipeline (quantity x price/kg) on an un-risked basis comprising ~4,800 t of 4N+ HPA and ~1,500 t of 3N5 HPA
ASX Announcement  
24 August 2026 ASX:  
AEM
Advanced Engineered Materials provides 
update on commercial progress and 
developments in the HPA market
01 1H 2026 Sales of 12.5 tonnes of HPA for a revenue of A$460k (US$317k1) unaudited,  
up 85% on the previous corresponding period (PCP), with an average price of US$25.4/kg. 
02 1H 2026 Orders were 17.6 tonnes for A$687k (US$474k2) with an average price of US$27.0/kg. 
Outstanding orders (5.1 tonnes) were carried forward for delivery after period end.
03 Customer Pipelinea at the end of July 2026 stood at US$190m (6,300 tonnes at US$30.2/kg) a 
significant increase on end of June figures of US$160m (5,500 tonnes at US$29.0/kg).  
Growth in the pipeline continuing through August.
04 Sales are expected to increase significantly in 2H 2026 to approximately 40 to 60 tonnes, 
accelerating through 2027 as existing qualified customers in the semiconductor sector complete 
tooling up to manufacture products, and customers currently qualifying AEM’s HPA complete their 
qualification processes and move into commercial production.
05 AEM’s 4N+ circuit at Cap-Chat is expected to achieve full run rate by the end of 2027, however ramp 
up of the 3N5+ circuit will be delayed into 2028 as AEM and customers prioritise the sales and 
qualification processes of higher-purity products into the faster growing sectors.
06 Market conditions are favourable with strong interest in AEM’s 4N+ HPA for semiconductor 
applications, particularly for advanced ceramics for chip fabrication and packaging as well as  
ultra-low alpha HPA (both gamma and alpha crystalline forms) for thermal management. 
Highlights
Managing Director and CEO Michael Adams said:
“The first half demonstrated the strength of 
demand building for AEM’s high-purity alumina, 
with sales growing strongly reflecting the growth 
in commercial supply to customers who had 
previously completed qualification. This is clear 
evidence that our product consistently meets the 
exacting purity and performance requirements of 
the semiconductor supply chain. Converting those 
qualifications into large-scale commercial sales has 
taken a little longer than we would have liked, as 
customers completed the tooling required to run 
our material in their expanded production, but the 
direction of travel is clear and building.”
“I am especially pleased about the way we have 
grown our customer pipeline, in particular, the 
qualified customers in the commercial relationship 
phase, and those customers in the industrial 
trials stage which have grown 40% to 17 and 
32 respectively since the beginning of the year. 
With almost 50 customers in the commercial 
relationship stage or about to enter it, we expect a 
significant step-up in sales through the second half 
and into 2027.”
For personal use onlyAdvanced Engineered Materials 
is pleased to provide an update 
on commercial progress and 
operational activities. 
Although sales growth increased 
materially, it was negatively impacted 
by key customers taking longer than 
expected to tool up new production 
capacity for the new applications 
that will drive a rapidly growing 
demand for HPA once they are 
in production, particularly in the 
complex semiconductor supply 
chain. Demand growth for sapphire 
for high-performance LED lighting 
in the automotive sector also slowed 
as manufacturers responded to a 
slowdown in China’s new car sales by 
reducing excess stock. 
Sales are expected to increase 
significantly in 2H 2026 to 
approximately 40 to 60 tonnes, 
accelerating further in 2027 as existing 
qualified customers complete the 
abovementioned tooling up, and 
customers currently qualifying AEM’s 
HPA complete their qualification 
processes and move into commercial 
production.
Based on current progress with the 
Customer Pipelinea, AEM expects that 
the 4N+ circuit at its Cap-Chat Plant 
should achieve full run rate by the end 
of 2027 driven by continued growth 
in demand for higher-purity HPA 
including from the semiconductor 
sector. Ramping up of the 3N5+ circuit 
to full production run rate is not likely 
to be completed until mid-2028 as 
AEM and its customers prioritise the 
sales and qualification processes of 
higher-purity products into the faster 
growing sectors. 
Sales and Orders Performance
Sales continued to increase through the first half of 
the year with sales of 12.5 tonnes of HPA for a revenue 
of A$460k (US$317k at US$25.4/kg) unaudited, up 
85% on the previous corresponding period (PCP), 
and with orders of 17.6 tonnes for A$687k (US$474k 
at US$27.0/kg). Outstanding orders (5.1 tonnes) were 
carried forward for delivery after period end.
Order volume by region
100%
75%
50%
25%
0%
Share of order volume
H1 2025 H2 2025 H1 2026
Asia Rest of the world
55%
45%
83%
17%
79%
21%
Order growth was led by Asia, which accounted 
for the vast majority of commercial order value, 
representing 79% of order volume in the first half of 
2026, up from 55% in the first half of 2025.
Note – H1 2026 unaudited
Sales Revenue by Half Year
500k
400k
300k
200k
100k
0
Sales in AUD$
H1 2025 H2 2025 H1 2026
$248k
$374K
$460K
+85%PCP
For personal use onlyCustomer Pipeline Development 
AEM’s Customer Pipelinea continued to expand 
through July 2026, reaching 216 projects at 
month end, up from 210 in June 2026 reflecting 
a growing sense of urgency among customers  
to secure supply as the looming HPA supply 
crunch started to become reality, with anecdotal 
evidence pointing to one of the world’s leading 
HPA producers operating at full capacity  
and consequently having to rationalise its 
customer base. 
By the end of July, the Customer Pipelinea  
stood at US$190m (6,300 tonnes at US$30.2/kg) 
a significant increase on end of June figures of 
US$160m (5,500 tonnes at US$29.0/kg).  
Growth has continued through August. 
Since the beginning of the year, qualified 
customers in the commercial relationship phase 
and industrial trial phase have increased by 
over 40% to 17 and 32 respectively, totalling 49 
customers. With industrial phase customers 
expected to complete qualification and advance 
to the commercial phase, this provides a strong 
foundation for sales growth looking forward.
 
 
 
Note: (a) Customer pipeline presents quantities on an un-risked basis and prices at a point in time arising from AEM's engagement with its 
customers through the qualification process. The resultant potential annual value reflects the total annual value of the pipeline (quantity x 
price/kg) on an un-risked basis comprising ~4,800 t of 4N+ HPA and ~1,500 t of 3N5 HPA 
19
4 1
60
15 14
48
22
17
89
23
18
89
27
18
109
33
18
128
40
22
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
Laboratory Trials Industrial Trials Commercial Relationship
~US$190ma 
potential annual 
 
~6,300 
tonnes per annum 
~US$30.2/kg 
average price 
          
          
          
   
         
    
          
          
          
   
         
    
 167 projects in Laborato       
 32 projects in Industrial      
 17 projects in Commerc       
 Projects for customers a      
Korea, Taiwan and Chin  
 
Value in US$ millions
APR 24 APR 25 SEP 25 DEC 25 MAR 26 JUN 26 JUL 26
 167 projects in Laboratory Trials phase (+1 vs. Jun-26)
 32 projects in Industrial Trials phase (+4 vs. Jun-26)
  17 projects in Commercial Relationship phase (+1 vs. Jun-26)
  Projects for customers across North America, Europe, 
Japan, Korea, Taiwan and China
~US$190ma
potential annual value
~US$30.2/kg
average price
~6,300
tonnes per annum
Note: (a) Customer pipeline presents quantities on an un-risked basis and prices at a point in time arising from AEM’s engagement 
with its customers through the qualification process. The resultant potential annual value reflects the total annual value of the 
pipeline (quantity x price/kg) on an un-risked basis comprising ~4,800 t of 4N+ HPA and ~1,500 t of 3N5 HPA
Development of  
Commercial Relationships
Although the HPA market, like those for 
many other specialty chemicals, has tended 
not to use long-term, quantity/price certain 
supply contracts traditionally, AEM has been 
making progress in reaching long-term 
supply framework agreements due to the 
increasing urgency among customers to 
secure supply, as their needs for HPA grow. 
AEM recently signed one such agreement, 
bringing the total that it now has in place 
to four, and expects to conclude a further 
three within 3Q 2026. AEM will update 
shareholders on the scope of these 
arrangements at that time.
AEM has also been making good progress 
in expanding its network of distributors 
and is finalising arrangements with three 
new distributors, two for China and one for 
Japan, details of which will be supplied to 
shareholders when completed.
For personal use onlyCommenting on the Company’s current market conditions,  
AEM’s Managing Director and CEO, Mick Adams said:
“I have just returned from a three-week visit to Asia, where I spent time with our customers alongside 
Daniele Fregonese, our SVP for Sales and Marketing, and I came away extremely encouraged by the way 
our engagement is deepening. Customers are undoubtedly concerned about a shortage of HPA supply 
and are turning to us for solutions. We are making particularly good progress in supplying products for 
advanced ceramics applications in the semiconductor sector and customers are showing strong interest 
in our recently launched ultra-low alpha HPA for thermal management applications.” 
Based on what AEM’s sales team is experiencing on the ground, it is considered that the strong 
growth in the company’s customer pipeline is being underpinned by the growing influence of 
several positive dynamics, all of which AEM expects to continue for the foreseeable future:
01 As already mentioned above, the expected HPA supply crunch is now becoming a reality. AEM has heard 
from many customers, particularly in Japan and China, that they are concerned about their ability to secure 
the level of supply they need from their existing supplier. Indeed, many have indicated that their supplier 
has informed them that it will be curtailing or limiting supply to them to focus on higher priority customers. 
With no material additional production capacity expected to come on stream worldwide for at least the 
next 18 months, AEM is well placed to continue to benefit from this situation as it continues to ramp up  
its production.
02 The semiconductor industry’s transition to using HPA for certain applications in preference to the  
materials it has used previously is gathering pace, leading to burgeoning demand for HPA in three  
aspects of the industry particularly: 
 
 
  → Certain tools (etching chambers, capillaries, nozzles and electrostatic chucks) used to manufacture 
semiconductor chips have historically been manufactured using a lower grade (typically 2N8) alumina. 
For chips destined for the most demanding applications, such as artificial intelligence and robotics, the 
industry is starting to replace this alumina with 4N+ HPA because it delivers higher production yields. AEM 
is engaged with many customers that manufacture the components impacted by this change, and already 
in a commercial relationship with one.
 → Managing the heat generated by the chips that deliver the computational power required by AI, robotics 
and other computationally heavy applications is a key limiting factor on increased performance. Heat 
management systems previously based on the use of spherical high-purity silica as a heat conduction 
medium are now transitioning to the use of spherical HPA because of its significantly higher capacity to 
conduct heat. There is an added challenge in using HPA in this application: unlike the grades generally 
available in the market, the HPA needs to contain extremely low levels (less than one part per billion) of 
uranium and thorium to avoid the alpha particle radiation they emit interfering with chip operation. AEM is 
engaged with all the world’s five major producers of spherical HPA, which are showing particular interest in 
AEM’s ability to provide them with 4N+ HPA (in both gamma and alpha crystalline forms) that meets their 
low uranium and thorium requirements.
 → Package size and density are increasing, again driven by the need for higher computational power, 
which is creating manufacturing challenges. One is preventing packages from warping as they are cured. 
TSMC has led the way in developing a manufacturing system for its Chip-on-Wafer-on-Substrate (CoWoS) 
packages that uses translucent ceramic carriers made from 4N+ HPA to support the packages temporarily 
while they are being cured and preventing them from warping. Samsung is now developing similar 
technology. AEM is engaged with 10+ customers that are producing or developing translucent ceramic 
carriers for this application and already in a commercial relationship with two.
HPA Market Commentary
For personal use only 
This strong growth in demand for HPA from the semiconductor industry looks set to continue.  
Yole Group expects the global semiconductor device market to reach approximately US$1.6 trillion in 
2026 and to approach US$2 trillion as early as 2027, driven by artificial intelligence infrastructure, high-
bandwidth memory, advanced packaging and data centre investment.3 Importantly for AEM, Yole expects 
that growth to come overwhelmingly from value rather than volume, forecasting device revenue growth 
of approximately 19% a year from 2024 to 2031 against wafer demand growth of approximately 4%3, a shift 
towards more complex, higher-specification manufacturing of precisely the kind that consumes HPA.  
The capital behind that demand is committed: Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft and Meta have collectively 
guided to approximately US$720–745 billion of capital expenditure in calendar 20264,5,6,7, and Dell’Oro Group 
expects global data centre capital expenditure to approach US$1 trillion this year on its way to US$1.7 trillion 
by 2030.8
03 Changing geopolitics have been driving, and look set to continue to drive change in the global patterns of 
HPA demand: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 → China’s determination to develop a home-grown semiconductor industry that is no longer dependent on 
technology transfer from the USA is creating a demand for ultra-high-purity alumina that its domestic HPA 
suppliers cannot service. AEM’s engagement with customers in China has been strengthening markedly 
throughout 2026.
 → The ongoing efforts by Western governments and manufacturers to delink their supply chains from China 
are also having an impact. Although small today, the area in which this effect is most likely to be felt is in the 
supply chain for synthetic sapphire. This supply chain is currently dominated by China (and Russia, before 
its war with Ukraine), with most of the sapphire produced supplied to China’s LED manufacturers. However, 
sapphire also has important uses in defence, for example in missile guidance systems, and the replenishment 
of Western arsenals after the wars in Ukraine and Iran, will create significant new demand for sapphire for 
which Western governments will not wish to depend on China. AEM is already engaged with European 
manufacturers of sapphire looking to exploit this trend, and in a commercial relationship with one, with a 
supply framework agreement in place.
AEM expects the above market dynamics all to become increasingly influential in making the  
market for HPA an attractive endeavour in which to participate and grow.
The tightening of the HPA market is increasingly evident in AEM’s pricing, which has strengthened 
progressively across realised sales, the current order book and the forward customer pipeline.  
The average basket price achieved on HPA sales in the first half was US$25.4/kg. The average price 
across the order book stood higher at US$27.0/kg, and higher again across the customer pipeline, 
which rose from US$29.0/kg at the end of June to US$30.2/kg at the end of July. This progressive 
increase from realised sales, through the current order book, to the forward customer pipeline, reflects 
both the tightening supply-demand balance and the continued shift in AEM’s product mix towards 
higher-purity 4N+ grades.
Market commentary — basis and sources. The market data in this section is drawn from independent third-party sources as listed 
below. AEM has not independently verified this information. Third-party forecasts are not AEM forecasts, are subject to revision by 
their publishers, and should not be relied upon as a guide to AEM’s future performance. Each source listed was publicly available 
and was accessed on 24 August 2026. 
Note: (a)  Customer pipeline presents quantities on an un-risked basis and prices at 
a point in time arising from AEM’s engagement with its customers through 
the qualification process. The resultant potential annual value reflects the 
total annual value of the pipeline (quantity x price/kg) on an un-risked basis 
comprising ~4,800 t of 4N+ HPA and ~1,500 t of 3N5 HPA.
1,2  Exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.69
3   Yole Group, “The semiconductor industry enters the trillion-dollar era”, 
press release, 8 July 2026. https://www.yolegroup.com/press-release/the-
semiconductor-industry-enters-the-trillion-dollar-era/ 
4   Amazon.com, Inc., “Amazon.com Announces Second Quarter Results”, 30 July 
2026. https://ir.aboutamazon.com/news-release/news-release-details/2026/
Amazon-com-Announces-Second-Quarter-Results/ 
5   Alphabet Inc., second quarter 2026 results and earnings call, 22 July 2026. 
https://abc.xyz/investor/ 
6   Microsoft Corporation, fourth quarter FY2026 results and earnings call, 29 July 
2026. https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor/earnings/fy-2026-q4/press-
release-webcast. Microsoft’s calendar 2026 figure of approximately US$175 
billion reflects an extension of the estimated useful life of data centre and 
office building assets from 15 to 25 years, effective FY2027, which reclassifies 
a portion of future data centre leases from finance leases to operating leases 
and therefore reduces reported capital expenditure. Microsoft has stated that, 
excluding this effect, its calendar 2026 capital expenditure expectations are 
unchanged. 
7   Meta Platforms, Inc., “Meta Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results”, 29 July 2026. 
https://investor.atmeta.com/investor-news/press-release-details/2026/Meta-
Reports-Second-Quarter-2026-Results/default.aspx 
8   Dell’Oro Group, “AI Boom Drives Data Center Capex to $1.7 Trillion by 2030”, 
press release, 11 February 2026, reporting its Data Center IT Capex 5 Year 
January 2026 Forecast Report. https://www.delloro.com/news/ai-boom-drives-
data-center-capex-to-1-7-trillion-by-2030/
For personal use onlyISOVERIFIED
Emissions profile verified in accordance 
with ISO 14064 (updated 2025)
Management systems certified to ISO 
9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001
~77%↓<US$0.05/kWh
Renewable hydroelectric power 
supply at <US$0.05/kWh
Carbon emissions of approximately 2.8 tonnes 
CO₂e per tonne of HPA, ~77% lower than 
traditional alkoxide production methods
About Advanced Engineered  
Materials (AEM)
Advanced Engineered Materials Limited (ASX: AEM) is a producer of high purity alumina 
(HPA) with production facilities in Cap-Chat, Quebec, Canada. Following completion of a two-
year capital works program, the Cap-Chat Plant is now commercially sized with a 2,000 tpa 
nameplate production capacity and moving to increase capacity to 3,000 tpa in 2026 (thereby 
completing the Stage 1 Expansion Project), with further expansion through to 6,000 tpa 
capacity from 2029 (Stage 2 Expansion Project). At 3,000 tpa full production rate, the Plant will 
be the 3rd largest HPA production asset outside of China. 
AEM expects to position  
within the lower half of the 
global HPA cost curve while 
delivering high purity, ex-China 
supply to customers seeking 
ESG-compliant sourcing.
For personal use onlyCautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Executive Chairman and the Managing 
Director and CEO of Advanced Engineered Materials Limited.
Investor and 
Media Enquiries
Emmanuel Duvnjak  
+61 412 734 200  / eduvnjak@aemhpa.com
Get in Touch
→LinkedIn            
→YouTube
If you would like to keep in 
touch with regular updates from 
AEM please follow us on
→Website
Visit our website “Investors” page for updates 
including a recent interview with AEM Executive 
Chairman Richard Seville and CEO Mick Adams 
and general information on HPA:
This announcement contains “forward-looking information” within the 
meaning of Australian securities laws. Forward-looking information 
includes, but is not limited to, statements regarding: expected sales of 
approximately 40 to 60 tonnes of HPA in the second half of 2026; the 
anticipated ramp-up of the 2,000 tpa 4N+ circuit to full production by the 
end of 2027, and ramp up of the 1,000 tpa 3N5+ circuit to full production by 
mid-2028; the expected conversion of the customer pipeline (approximately 
US$190 million of potential annual value, 6,300 tonnes at US$30.2/kg) 
into sales; the expectation of concluding a further three long-term supply 
framework agreements within the third quarter of 2026; the finalisation of 
arrangements with three new distributors; and expectations regarding HPA 
market conditions, supply constraints and demand growth. 
Forward-looking information is frequently, but not always, identified by 
words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “plans”, “estimates”, 
“intends”, “will”, “should” and similar expressions.
Actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially from 
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking information. Readers 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information, 
which speaks only as of the date of this announcement.
Material Factors and Assumptions
The forward-looking information in this announcement is based on a 
number of material factors and assumptions that AEM considers reasonable 
as at the date of this announcement, including assumptions that: existing 
qualified customers will complete tooling of new production capacity, and 
customers currently qualifying AEM’s HPA will complete their qualification 
processes and move into commercial production, within the timeframes 
currently anticipated; outstanding and forecast orders will convert to 
sales at expected volumes, prices and margins; the customer pipeline 
will progress through the laboratory trial, industrial trial and commercial 
relationship phases at expected conversion rates; the Cap-Chat plant will 
operate at expected yields and throughput without material disruption; 
input, energy and labour costs and the AUD/USD exchange rate will remain 
within expected ranges; HPA market supply constraints and demand 
dynamics (including in the semiconductor and sapphire supply chains) will 
continue substantially as described; and AEM will have access to sufficient 
capital and will not be materially affected by adverse regulatory, geopolitical 
or trade developments.
 
 
Material Risk Factors
Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking information 
as a result of material risk factors, including: delays in customer tooling, 
qualification or commercial adoption; failure of pipeline projects or orders to 
convert to sales at expected volumes, prices or timing; operational, technical 
or ramp-up difficulties at the Cap-Chat plant; changes in HPA supply 
and demand, competition and pricing; adverse movements in exchange 
rates or input costs; customer concentration and dependence on the 
semiconductor and sapphire supply chains; general economic, geopolitical, 
trade and regulatory conditions; and the additional risk factors described in 
the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Prospectus dated 10 November 
2025. This list is not exhaustive.
Financial Outlook / FOFI
Certain forward-looking information in this announcement, including 
the expected 2H 2026 sales range of approximately 40 to 60 tonnes 
and the customer pipeline’s approximately US$190 million of potential 
annual value, may constitute a “financial outlook” or “future-oriented 
financial information” (FOFI) under applicable Australian securities laws. 
This financial outlook has been included for the purpose of providing 
readers with information regarding management’s current expectations 
and estimates relating to AEM’s commercial progress and anticipated 
production ramp-up, and readers are cautioned that this information may 
not be appropriate for any other purpose. The financial outlook is based on 
the assumptions set out above under “Material Factors and Assumptions”, 
is limited to the periods for which the information can reasonably be 
estimated and has been prepared using accounting policies consistent with 
those AEM expects to use in preparing its historical financial statements for 
the relevant periods.
Updating Policy
Except as required by applicable securities laws and the ASX Listing Rules, 
AEM does not undertake, and disclaims, any obligation to update or revise 
any forward-looking information, financial outlook or FOFI, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. AEM’s policy is to 
update previously disclosed material forward-looking information and 
financial outlooks in its subsequent continuous disclosure filings where 
there is a material change from the previously disclosed information, by 
disclosing the events and circumstances that caused the change and the 
expected differences from the prior disclosure.
→  Watch the latest video of the 
AEM HPA Commercial Plant 
from June 2026 here
For personal use only