 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 1 of 6 
ASX RELEASE 
2026 AGM – CHAIR’S AND MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO’S ADDRESSES AND TRADING UPDATE 
Tuesday, 1 September 2026: Attached for release is Collins Foods Limited (ASX: CKF) Chair’s address; 
and Managing Director & CEO’s address for the 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM). 
 
ENDS 
 
Authorised for release by the Board. 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Investors  Media 
Andreas Lundberg 
Fortitude IR 
+61 457 650 482 
andreas.lundberg@fortitudeir.com.au 
Steve Loxton  
Fortitude IR 
+61 412 595 133 
steve.loxton@fortitudeir.com.au 
Max Hewett 
Patterson Advisory  
+61 432 332 215  
mhewett@pattersonadvisory.com.au 
For further information please visit www.collinsfoods.com 
 
  
For personal use only 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 2 of 6 
2026 AGM - CHAIR’S ADDRESS  
Tuesday, 1 September 2026: Collins Foods Limited (ASX: CKF) 
 
Welcome to the Collins Foods Limited 2026 Annual General Meeting.  
A RECORD YEAR 
FY26 was an outstanding year for Collins Foods, and I would like to thank management led by Xavier 
as CEO, everybody in our support centres and the over 22,000 team members in our restaurants whose 
relentless efforts have contributed to this result. 
The Company delivered record revenue and record underlying profit in very demanding economic 
conditions for the quick service restaurant sector. 
As well as record profit performance, cash generation was yet again a highlight, net debt and our net 
leverage ratio was reduced. All while continuing to invest in our team, in our restaurant network and in 
technology. Xavier will comment further on our trading performance a little later.  
On the back of such a strong year, the Board declared a final fully franked dividend of 15.0 cents per 
share, taking the total FY26 dividend to 28.0 cents per share, up from 26.0 cents per share in FY25. This 
was a record-equalling dividend for shareholders.  
FY26 ACHIEVEMENTS  
FY26 was also a year in which we strengthened the strategic foundations of the business. We 
restructured and extended our Corporate Franchise Agreement in the Netherlands, we signed new 
development agreements in Germany and executed the acquisition of eight KFC restaurants in 
Munich, giving us a strong base from which to develop restaurants in the three wealthiest states of 
Germany. We also exited Taco Bell, with the transaction being completed on 17 August 2026. As part 
of this exit, the Company anticipates recording a one-off gain relating to the transfer of lease liabilities 
to other parties, estimated to be $20-22m. These decisions mean we can concentrate fully on the KFC 
brand in Australia and Europe.  
Our growth aspirations have never been stronger.  
In Australia, KFC’s brand health remains a real strength. KFC continues to lead the category on the 
measures customers care about – Brand Index and Brand Buzz. Our opportunity is to translate that 
strength more fully into higher revenues and profitability, closing the Average Unit Volume gap with 
our largest competitors. 
Germany is our second strategic growth pillar and a substantial opportunity. We now operate 25 
restaurants and are the largest KFC franchisee in the market by revenue. KFC has close to 220 
restaurants in Germany serving more than 80 million people, compared to approximately 1,400 
McDonald’s restaurants, and we are targeting significant growth in our portfolio by FY30. Location, 
revenue and profit potential remain key determinants of where we will choose to locate those 
restaurants, and we will remain disciplined in terms of where we allocate capital.  
In the Netherlands, profitability remains our priority ahead of network growth and we will only consider 
network growth when conditions warrant it.  
BOARD CHANGES 
In addition to my succession as Chair from Robert Kaye SC, who has made an outstanding 
contribution to Collins Foods, we have previously communicated that this meeting marks the 
retirement of two directors, Christine Holman, Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Nicki 
Anderson, Chair of the People, Culture and Nominations Committee, who step down at its conclusion.  
I would like to thank Christine for her time as a Board Member of Collins but specifically for how she 
lifted the leadership and governance of the Audit & Risk Committee.  
As announced on 18 August, Nicki Anderson advised the Board of her decision to retire for personal 
reasons and withdrew her nomination for re-election. On behalf of the Board, I thank Nicki for her 
valuable contribution, including her leadership of the People, Culture and Nomination Committee 
(PCNC), and wish her every success for the future. 
For personal use only 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 3 of 6 
Robert Kaye will chair the PCNC until such time as a new director is appointed and Nigel Clark will join 
that Committee. I am also pleased to welcome Meredith Scott, who joined the Board on 1 June and 
stands for election today. Meredith brings more than 30 years of experience in financial oversight, 
governance and risk and, subject to your approval, will succeed Christine as Chair of the Audit and 
Risk Committee. 
OUR PEOPLE AND COMPLIANCE 
Getting pay and conditions right for our people is an obligation we take seriously, and we are meeting 
it head on. Our voluntary wage compliance review continued during the year, and we commenced 
remediation payments to affected team members in November 2025. At the end of FY26, the 
provision for estimated wage underpayments stood at $8.3 million and we remain actively and 
constructively engaged with the Fair Work Ombudsman in respect of our obligations. 
We also entered into a settlement agreement, on a no-admissions basis, regarding the class action 
proceedings concerning 10-minute rest pauses. Collins Foods' share of the settlement is approximately 
$9.0 million. The settlement remains subject to Court approval. 
On safety, our injury frequency rate in Australia improved 27% on FY25, and we are part-way through a 
multi-million-dollar program to replace older pressure cookers within our fleet. Safety continues to be a 
critical organisation priority, reflecting the importance of protecting our team, customers and 
communities.  
REMUNERATION 
We are seeking your approval today for amendments to the long-term incentive plan. Following an 
independent review and consultation with shareholders, it is proposed that a post-tax return on 
capital employed measure be introduced, replacing relative total shareholder return. It will carry 
equal weight with earnings per share growth. It is also proposed that there will be no vesting unless 
returns are equal to our greater than our cost of capital by at least 100 basis points. As we enter a 
more capital-intensive phase of growth, our focus will be on ensuring your capital is deployed in a way 
that supports long-term growth. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
FY26 marked an important step in our sustainability reporting, with the Company publishing its first 
climate report under new mandatory reporting standards, including our inaugural transition plan. Our 
2026 Sustainability Report has been impressively led by Emma Verheijkel who is our Group Head of 
Sustainability and sets out our broader progress and the pathway to achieving our 2030 goals. 
THANK YOU  
Finally, thank you to you, our shareholders for your continued support, my fellow board members, and 
to our more than 22,000 team members across Australia and Europe for their effort and commitment 
to our business, and who were instrumental in delivering these record results.  
Collins Foods enters FY27 with a clear strategy, exciting strategic growth plans in Australia and Europe, 
and a Board and management team intent on executing that plan.  
With that, I would now like to welcome Xavier Simonet, our Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, to address you. 
 
 
  
For personal use only 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 4 of 6 
2026 AGM - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO’S ADDRESS 
Tuesday, 1 September 2026: Collins Foods Limited (ASX: CKF) 
Good morning, everyone. 
FY26 was a year of disciplined execution. We grew the business and lifted profitability in every market 
and refocused the Company on the KFC brand to set up our next stage of growth. 
STRATEGIC GROWTH PRIORITIES  
Our strategic priorities are clear: 
• Grow Australia faster 
• Build Germany profitably 
• Run every restaurant better. 
While also continuing our focus to lift governance and safety standards even further across our 
business. 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
With respect to FY26 results, group revenue from continuing operations was a record $1,592.6 million, 
up 8.6%. Underlying EBITDA was $244.5 million, up 6.3%, and underlying NPAT was a record $61.4 
million, up 13.0%, the highest in the Company’s history, with underlying earnings per share of 52.0 
cents. Statutory NPAT was $47.1 million. Statutory NPAT of $47.1 million included $7.3 million relating to 
the class action settlement and associated costs, $6.5 million of net restaurant impairments, a $1.4 
million wage provision top-up and $0.4 million of acquisition costs. 
Cash generation was strong, with net operating cash flow of $150.1 million and cash conversion of 
circa 94%. We reduced net debt to $119.6 million and our net leverage ratio to 0.77 while continuing 
to invest in our team, our restaurant network and in technology. 
Return on shareholders’ equity grew 220 basis points to 14.5%. Our exceptionally strong balance sheet 
provides us with the capacity and flexibility to invest in profitable growth. 
KFC Australia 
Australia remains our largest and most profitable market, and in FY26, we delivered record revenue of 
$1,241.3 million, up 7.6%, with same store sales growth of 2.7% with momentum building as the year 
progressed. We opened eight new restaurants and completed 33 remodels, including three 
supercharged formats. 
Digital grew strongly to 43.2% of sales, up from 34.2%, supported by greater kiosk penetration and a 
reset of our delivery fee structure. 
KFC continued to lead its quick service peers on brand index, buzz, satisfaction and recommendation. 
Our new brand campaign, Go Full Chicken, together with KFC’s new global visual identity, gives the 
brand a fresh look and voice that is appealing to today's consumers. 
We are now investing to unlock more value from every restaurant. We have embarked upon the 
national rollout of Kwench by KFC, a new and exciting global beverages and dessert platform, we are 
extended our late-night trading hours and will commence breakfast trials in around 16 of our 
restaurants on the Gold Coast in September. Late night and breakfast together already account for 
more than a third of Australian quick service spending and are among the category’s fastest-growing 
dayparts. 
KFC Europe 
Europe delivered record revenue of $351.3 million, up 12.5%, with underlying EBITDA up 14.0% to $44.9 
million and underlying EBIT up 94.7% to $14.9 million. In Germany, same store sales grew 3.7% and, in 
the Netherlands, restaurant-level EBIT margins improved from 6.7% to 8.5%. 
In the Netherlands we chose network profitability as our key priority ahead of network growth. We 
extended and simplified our Corporate Franchise Agreement – now running to the end of 2029.  
  
For personal use only 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 5 of 6 
In Germany we completed the acquisition of eight restaurants in Munich on 1 June, taking our 
network to 25 and making Collins Foods the largest KFC franchisee in the market by revenue. We also 
lifted our FY30 development target to between 45 and 90 additional restaurants. However, we will 
ensure we remain disciplined in how we allocate capital and that each development meets our 
investment hurdles. We are also investing in the markets’ development, property and operational 
talent to ensure we deliver great restaurants to drive profitability as we grow.  
TACO BELL 
We also announced our exit from Taco Bell. I'm pleased to confirm that, in August, 20 restaurants were 
successfully transferred to the joint venture established between Taco Bell international and 
Restaurant Brands Australia. The remaining 7 restaurants were closed during FY26, with 4 leases 
successfully assigned to third parties and the other 3 well progressed. The material benefits of the 
transition will be reflected in the interim FY27 financial statements.  
TRADING UPDATE  
Total company sales in the first 17 weeks of FY27 were up 6.6% on the prior corresponding period, on a 
constant currency basis. 
• KFC total sales were +6.4% in Australia, -2.5% in the Netherlands and +44.0% in Germany. 
• KFC same store sales were +3.4% in Australia, -3.4% in the Netherlands and -5.3% in Germany. 
For the last 4-weeks overall performance continued strongly in Australia and improved materially in 
Europe: 
• KFC total sales were +5.0% in Australia, +4.9% in the Netherlands and +58.8% in Germany. 
• KFC same store sales were +3.1% in Australia, +3.1% in the Netherlands and -0.1% in Germany. 
KFC Australia continues to perform strongly with strong same store sales despite lapping an extremely 
strong Christmas in July activity in the prior year. Already during this year's recent Christmas in July 
campaign, the team delivered several weeks of all-time-record sales.  
Moving forward, there is a very exciting growth plan in place - including impactful innovations and 
promotional windows, initiatives to drive volume in the core range, extended late-night hours with the 
rollout already well progressed, and the national rollout of Kwench by KFC, a global beverage 
platform. We expect these initiatives will significantly strengthen organic performance. In addition, 
breakfast trials start in September in selected Gold Coast restaurants. We have so much to look 
forward to in KFC Australia, our teams are excited, and we are ready to execute well and with 
discipline.  
Europe and specifically Germany remains an exciting and material strategic opportunity for 
shareholder value creation.  
However, as reported when we released our full year results and trading update, Europe started the 
new fiscal year softer than expected, reflecting general consumer confidence across the continent, a 
prolonged heatwave and a demanding prior-year lap arising from the Squid Game promotion. These 
issues impacted the whole KFC system - not just the Collins portfolio.   
Pleasingly performance has strengthened significantly in both Germany and the Netherlands 
compared to the first 8-weeks - with same store and total sales both showing material improvement in 
trends. These improvements reflect more impactful promotional windows in both markets. Additionally 
in the Netherlands, a Halal-certified range of products was launched just a couple of weeks ago in 
several Collins restaurants and early results have been extremely positive. 
Germany is a strategic market for both Yum and Collins.  
We believe our partnership can drive profitable growth and value creation. We acknowledge there is 
still work to be done to deliver stronger sustainable performance after Yum Brands stepped back into 
its market leadership role, bringing its global experience, scale and successful product platforms. We 
will continue to collaborate with Yum to build sales momentum and confidence in the German 
market. 
With respect to restaurant development, we will remain disciplined with the investments we make, 
ensuring restaurants deliver the appropriate returns for shareholders. When we are confident 
For personal use only 
CKF: ASX Release  Page 6 of 6 
sustainable same store sales growth has resumed, we expect more restaurants will meet returns hurdles 
and growth in new store numbers will accelerate.   
Our focus on operational excellence in all markets to grow sales, profitability and customer 
engagement remains undiminished and we will be disciplined on costs and capital allocation. Our 
overall goal is to deliver outstanding experiences for our people and customers and strong 
shareholder returns.  
I’ll now hand the meeting back to Mark. 
 
ENDS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only