 
                                                  
TerraCom Limited (ASX: TER)  
www.terracom.au 
Level 6, 307 Queen Street 
Brisbane QLD, 4000 Australia   
investors@terracom.au 
ABN 35 143 533 537 
 
 
31 August 2026 
 
Market update 
Blair Athol Mine operational update 
TerraCom Limited (ASX: TER) (TerraCom or Company) advises that following the operational 
challenges experienced during the June quarter, Blair Athol Mine, near Clermont Queensland, has 
continued to produce below plan during the early part of FY2027. 
A number of factors have contributed to the lower-than-planned performance, including 
workforce recruitment and availability, seasonal illness within the local workforce, equipment 
availability, water management and lower-than-expected coal preparation plant yields. 
Recently delivered mining equipment, the commencement in July of operations in a new pit and 
other operational initiatives are intended to increase productivity and operating efficiency. As a 
result, TerraCom maintains its FY2027 production guidance of between 2.0 and 2.2 million 
tonnes at this time.  The Company is closely monitoring operational performance and 
productivity and will provide further guidance to the market should its expectations materially 
change. 
Capital and liquidity management 
TerraCom is currently debt free (excluding lease commitments), with the coal prepayment 
arrangement entered into in April 2025 having now been fully repaid. 
The lower production performance has resulted in the deferral of some coal deliveries and 
reduced sales volumes during the period. This has put pressure on the Company’s near-term 
working capital position. To address this, the Company is progressing a number of initiatives 
designed to provide necessary liquidity and working capital flexibility while it works to overcome 
its recent operational challenges.  
The initiatives the Company is pursuing include a further coal prepayment arrangement, 
additional cost reductions and other capital management measures. Discussions in relation to a 
possible prepayment arrangement, which if entered into is anticipated to alleviate near-term 
liquidity challenges (assuming production returns to planned levels), are well advanced with term 
sheets expected imminently. Noting future outcomes cannot be assured, the Company presently 
expects that it will be able to secure a suitable arrangement on acceptable terms. TerraCom will 
need to explore additional funding solutions to supplement any prepayment arrangement that 
may be entered into in order to strengthen its balance sheet and reduce liquidity risks. 
Management remains focused on restoring Blair Athol's operating performance, improving 
productivity and maintaining appropriate financial flexibility as production builds through 
ASX Release 
For personal use only 
2 
FY2027.  The Company will continue to keep shareholders informed of material developments in 
accordance with its continuous disclosure obligations. 
This announcement has been approved by the Board for release. 
For further enquiries please contact: 
Richard Clarke    Gareth Quinn 
Company Secretary    Investor and Media Relations 
E: investors@terracom.au   E: gareth@republicir.com.au 
P: +61 7 4983 2038    M: +61 417 711 108 
About TerraCom Limited 
TerraCom Limited (ASX: TER) is an Australian based mining resources company with a global 
footprint, comprising a large portfolio of operating assets in Australia and South Africa within the 
coal sectors. We are a renowned low-cost producer focused on delivering exceptional outcomes 
from our high yielding diversified asset portfolio for its investors. To learn more about TerraCom 
visit terracom.au. 
For personal use only