Shareholder enquiries: Melanie Hill, Investor Relations t 0409 220 865 e mhill@australianethical.com.au 
Media enquiries: Sara Rich, BlueChip Communications t 0431 032 086 e media@australianethical.com.au 
Australian Ethical Investment Ltd  ABN  47 003 188 930  AFSL 229949  australianethical.com.au   
 
ASX: AEF 
          25 August 2026 
Australian Ethical Investment Limited 
Full year financial results to 30 June 2026 
ASX Announcement  
 
AUSTRALIAN ETHICAL DELIVERS  RECORD  FY26  EARNINGS  
WHILE  FURTHER  IMPROVING OPERATING LEVERAGE  
 
Australian Ethical Investment Limited (ASX: AEF) today announced record FY26 earnings, with UPAT 
attributable to shareholders increasing 15% to $27.3 million, and net profit after tax (NPAT) attributable to 
shareholders of $25.7 million, up 29%. Revenue was up 9% to $129.5 million. 
The result was supported by FUM growth, positive organic net flows across multiple channels and 
continued operating leverage improvements. 
Earnings quality continued to strengthen, supported by superannuation, which represents 72% of total 
FUM, and generates recurring contributions and positive net flows. This was complemented by 
contributions from newer growth engines being the middle-market and institutional channels. 
The underlying cost to income ratio improved by 1.6 percentage points to 69.8%1, while underlying diluted 
EPS increased 14% to 23.9 cents. 
The directors have declared a fully franked final dividend of 10 cents per share, bringing total FY26 
dividends to 18 cents per share, up 29%. 
 
Note: All metrics relate to the year ended 30 June 2026 with comparisons to the year ended 30 June 2025, unless stated otherw ise 
 
Managing Director, John McMurdo said today: 
 
"FY26 was a year of disciplined execution for Australian Ethical, delivering record earnings , key strategic 
milestones and continued business momentum. 
 
"Australian Ethical continues to receive peer recognition through industry awards and accolades that 
reflect the strength of the business we have built, our investment capability, the quality of our customer 
experience, people, products and operating platform. Together these acknowledgements reinforce our 
position as one of Australia's leading purpose-driven financial services organisations. 
 
“As we celebrate 40 years of Australian Ethical, I am incredibly proud of our strong results and quality 
team. We are a stronger, more diversified and more scalable business, with a trusted ethical brand and a 
clear strategy for sustainable future growth." 
 
 
 
1 Underlying cost to income ratio is calculated as total expenses excluding UPAT adjusted expenses, excluding the profit/loss a ttributable to the Foundation and 
excluding tax, divided by total revenue excluding UPAT adjusted revenue 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only2 
 
  
FY26 strategic highlights: 
• Completion of the superannuation administration transition to GROW Inc, delivering cost 
efficiencies and a scalable digital platform for customer engagement and future growth  
• Completion of the harmonisation of insurance, delivering a simpler, consistent member 
insurance offering  
• Achieving top 3 NPS for superannuation2 for the second year running 
• Launched Private Markets Growth Opportunities Fund with cornerstone investment of $125 million 
from Clean Energy Finance Corporation (CEFC) 
• Fully integrated Altius Fixed Income products under the Australian Ethical brand 
• Strengthened the Private Markets, Ethics, Product, Governance and Equities teams including a 
dedicated Quantitative Strategies function 
• Progressed the Investment Platform uplift with the final phase to be delivered in H1 FY27, delivering 
improved risk management and scalability, and underpinning future flows growth 
• Maintained top quartile employee engagement 3  
Funds Under Management  
FUM reached a record $14.5 billion at 30 June 2026. Organic net flows increased 13% to $664 million, 
driven by positive superannuation net flows of $527 million. 
 
Superannuation net flows were supported by ongoing growth in the member base,  record 
superannuation guarantee and end-of-financial-year voluntary contributions, as well as continued strong 
member retention rates. 
 
Australian Ethical continues to benefit from the structural growth tailwind of compulsory superannuation 
guarantee contributions, which are largely independent of short-term market conditions. Following the 
completion of the administration transition and improvements to acquisition capability, new member joins 
increased by 20% in the second half of the year.  
 
Australian Ethical’s newer channels also made a meaningful contribution to growth, with middle-market 
net flows of $54 million and institutional net flows of $173 million. 
 
Investment performance added $187 million to FUM during the year
4. 
Revenue 
Operating revenue increased 9% to $129.5 million, principally reflecting 11% growth in average FUM, 
partially offset by average revenue margin reduction from 0.92% in FY25 to 0.91% in FY26 – this was 
primarily due to the full-year inclusion of lower-margin Altius fixed-income FUM. Within superannuation, 
fee reductions were largely offset by the commencement of the insurance administration fee.  
 
Expenses 
As Australian Ethical continues to scale, operating leverage has seen further improvement. Underlying 
cost to income ratio (CTI) improved from 71.4% in FY25 to 69.8% in FY26.  
 
Operating expenses5 rose 7% to $90.4 million, reflecting continued investment in a scalable operating 
platform across people, technology, governance and product capability. These increases were partially 
 
2 Investment Trends Super Member Engagement Report 2025 & 2026 
3 Culture Amp Employee engagement survey June 2026. Top quartile for Financial Services Australia is 76% and above: cultureamp.com/science/insights/financial -
services-Australia 
4 Reflects investment performance net of distributions and fees 
5 Underlying operating expenses excluding $2.3 million in non-underlying adjustments 
 
For personal use only3 
 
  
offset by a decrease in fund-related expenses of 1% as a result of expense efficiencies from platform 
transformation initiatives.  
 
Summary  of Group profits 2026 
$’000 
      2025 
$’000 
Net profit after tax (NPAT) 25,813 20,196 
Less: Net profit after tax attributable to The Foundation (75) (258) 
Net profit after tax attributable to shareholders 25,738 19,938 
Adjustments:   
Other income (insurance recovery linked to transformation) - (629) 
Integration & transformation costs 2,156 4,322 
Due diligence & transaction costs - 1,719 
Amortisation of Altius intangibles 144 108 
Tax on adjustments (690) (1,656) 
Underlying profit after tax (UPAT) 27,348 23,802 
 
Final dividend 
The Board declared a fully franked final dividend of 10 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2026. 
The record date is 3 September 2026 with payment on 18 September 2026. This takes the full year 
dividend to 18 cents, up 29%. 
 
Australian  Ethical  Foundation  Limited 
During the period, Australian Ethical allocated $3.4 million to the Australian Ethical Foundation for its future 
work supporting high impact, innovative charities in their work to combat climate change .  
 
Consistent with Australian Ethical’s constitutional commitment, 10  per cent of profits 6 are allocated to 
not-for-profit organisations.  
 
Outlook 
Positive net flows are expected to continue in FY27, supported by the strength of the superannuation 
business, and increasing momentum in the middle-market channel, underpinned by recent product 
innovation in private markets. FY27 revenue margins are expected to remain broadly consistent with the  30 
June 2026 position of 0.89%, subject to changes in product mix. 
 
Maintaining cost discipline remains a key priority. Australian Ethical is targetin g FY27 underlying expense 
growth to remain below revenue growth (subject to market movements), while continuing to invest in 
strategic initiatives that support sustainable earnings growth. The company remains focused on balancing 
investment in future growth with continued operating leverage improvement over the medium term. The 
business is entering its next phase with a stronger, more scalable operating platform and enhanced cost 
flexibility.  
 
Key areas of investment include the completion of the investment platform uplift program, exploration of a 
broader digital transformation program, continued product innovation, and further enhancements to 
member experience. These initiatives are expected to improve efficiency, deepen customer engagement, 
support acquisition and retention, and support continued positive net flows
. 
 
6 Before deducting bonus and grant expense 
  
For personal use only4 
 
  
 
Further, there is planned investment in governance transformation, including the completion of initiatives 
associated with the APRA licence conditions.  
 
John McMurdo, Australian Ethical’s Managing Director, concluded:  
 
"We enter FY27 with confidence, supported by positive net flow momentum, multiple growth engines, 
greater earnings stability, a strong operating platform and clear strategic priorities. 
 
"While we continue to operate in uncertain market conditions, we remain confident in our medium- term 
growth outlook. Our trusted ethical brand, strong balance sheet and resilient business model position 
Australian Ethical well to continue delivering long-term value for customers and shareholders." 
 
 
This announcement is authorised by the Board. 
 
END 
 
 
About Australian  Ethical 
 
Australian Ethical is one of Australia’s leading ethical investment managers*. Since 1986, Australian Ethical 
has provided investors with investment management products that align with their values and provide 
long-term, risk adjusted returns. Investments are guided by the Australian Ethical Charter which shapes its 
ethical approach and underpins both its culture and its vision. Australian Ethical has  $14.5 billion in funds 
under management across investments and superannuation. Visit: www.australianethical.com.au  
 
*Please refer to https://www.australianethical.com.au/why-ae/investment/#awards for specific awards Australian Ethical has won, 
including the specific categories. 
For personal use only